README: Add Communication section with Forum information (#175)
ansible-collections/community.rabbitmq: README.md

If you encounter abusive behavior violating the [Ansible Code of Conduct](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/community/code_of_conduct.html), please refer to the [policy violations](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/community/code_of_conduct.html#policy-violations) section of the Code of Conduct for information on how to raise a complaint.

## Communication

* Join the Ansible forum:

>   * [Get Help](https://forum.ansible.com/c/help/6): get help or help others.
>   * [POSTS TAGGED WITH 'YOUR TAG'](https://forum.ansible.com/tag/YOUR_TAG): subscribe to participate in collection-related conversations.
>   * [REFER TO YOUR FORUM GROUP HERE IF EXISTS](https://forum.ansible.com/g/): by joining the team you will automatically get subscribed to the posts tagged with [your group forum tag here](https://forum.ansible.com/tags).

Author: ```suggestion
  * [Get Help](https://forum.ansible.com/c/help/6): get help or help others. Please add appropriate tags if you start new discussions, for example the `rabbitmq` tag.
  * [Posts tagged with 'rabbitmq'](https://forum.ansible.com/tag/rabbitmq): subscribe to participate in collection-related conversations.
```
